San Sebastian University has established itself as one of the projects of
university training more innovative and close to reality
current
since its foundation, it has correctly interpreted the needs of the world
modern printing, with a particular emphasis on careers linked to
education and health
it is here where one of the most outstanding is nursing
give clinical fields for the health area for example with hospitals
public and also private that are very broad that covers your cover all the
needs
all types of serious illness that can be very calm you should be
very assured the province is very interested on August 15 yes no
March
in this
technically competent well prepared
according to a recent report of the national education council
the enrollment in the higher education centers under 47
hundred in the last five years this largely because of the explosive increase
of 10 races between them and with growth of 153% is
However, this important increase has not meant a reduction
the jobs
this growth is understood by the real need for nurses and
nurses in the health sector
they murder nursing they have no work field
panevezys
the people who study in this profession
has a guarantee
d be
I'm working and choosing where you want to work
San Sebastian University offers a comprehensive training plan with the
implementation from the first years of study
of methodologies and modern techniques that transform the professional into a
active agent of the health sector
In the development of your profession you can make decisions and take
responsibilities in a vital area in health centers across the country
I am happy with the guerrilla
The teachers are
I think there are
and also yesterday all
about actions
in the laboratories I repeat from there that the innocent victim of the
infrastructure the laboratories to be complete we started the first year with
practical activities
in fact in the first semester a field work is done with people
tt pension and you learn many things super necessary and
no no they do not realize to have in it
You already know a lot of things a student of nursing from osmc who enters
characterized by being a professional capable of providing nursing care
comprehensive and safe and continuous to healthy and sick people
to the family and community in different cultural contexts with the purpose
to promote the maximum welfare and quality of life of the population
who decides to study nursing to be a nurse professional
it has to be someone who has the physical characteristics
an interest in science
because nursing is
funny science at its base
i areso
n in June
a concern for the person
a characteristic then minister
7 in l
a mayor
aware that with the care of other people 1
brings your health
nursing is imparted the five faculties of the university san
Sebastian
all with the same syllabus that was written by bone applied by
professionals of vast experience and trajectory nursing is in
conception
in Santiago
in valdivia in osorno we import without passing
program 3
very carefully updated
so that it is the same even suddenly
students moved the western family nothing of them and can continue
studying, let's understand other
appeared in the horta the nursing career that depended on the faculty
of medicine but the tennis player this is a sample the importance that it gives to the
university to this career one of the most demanded labor
It stands out for the quality of its two before and for a plan that is a quarter inside
of the health problems of the country the demand of course of professionals
Prepared and highly trained nursing at San University
sebastián becomes a mandatory reference in the area of ​​health and
he faces with responsibility the task of training professionals that the country
needs to